Add documentation (#65)
codergeek42/wordle-solver: README.md

considered optimal for the particular guessing strategy being used. There are four guessing strategies used to determine
the next optimal word choice:

### DistinctLettersStrategy

This metric is the simplest of the four. Given the current list of all guessed letters, ignoring their positions, the
score for a particular guess candidate is the number of unguessed unique letters in the candidate.

For example, if only "STONE" has already been guessed, then a candidate of "TONES" would score 0 (because each of E, N,
O, S, and T have already been guessed), whereas "STOPS" would score 1, and "STOMP" would score 2, because M and P have
not yet been guessed. This strategy prioritizes only gaining information about as many letters as possible without
regard for their position in the word, if any.

### LetterFrequencyStrategy

This metric scores a candidate guess based on the frequencies of each letter at their corresponding position,
calculating letter frequencies based on the starting dictionary of potential words: a guess candidate with letters that
are used more frequently will be scored higher than a candidate with infrequently-used letters.

> For example, if the remaining dictionary of candidates is AUDIT, STONE, TONES, and KNOTS, then STONE and TONES will have
> an equivalent score, and KNOTS will have a slightly lower score, because even though N, O, S, and T each occur in all
> three words, E occurs more frequently than K; and AUDIT will have a much lower score, because it has only 1
> frequently-used letter (T) rather than the 4 of KNOTS. This strategy prioritizes guessing letters that occur the most

Author: Nit: Consistency of quoting.
```suggestion
For example, if the remaining dictionary of candidates is "AUDIT", "STONE", "TONES", and "KNOTS", then "STONE" and "TONES" will have
an equivalent score, and "KNOTS" will have a slightly lower score, because even though N, O, S, and T each occur in all
three words, E occurs more frequently than K; and "AUDIT" will have a much lower score, because it has only 1
frequently-used letter (T) rather than the 4 of "KNOTS". This strategy prioritizes guessing letters that occur the most
```

frequently, and calculates the score as a sum of the ratios of, at each position, the frequency of the corresponding
candidate letter to the number of possible letters at that position.

### PerLetterEliminationStrategy

This metric scores a candidate guess based on how likely that guess is to eliminate the most number of letter & position
combinations. For a given guess candidate, this metric scores that guess based on how many additional letter & position
combinations this guess could potentially eliminate, effectively simulating that every letter in the guess is included
in the word at an incorrect position, then calculating the resulting score by determining how many additional letter &
position exclusions are created from that guess.

> For example, if the remaining dictionary of candidates is AUDIT, STONE, TONES, and KNOTS, and NOTES has already been
> guessed, then STONES will have a higher score than TONES, because STONES tries all 5 of the letters at different
> positions, whereas NOTES only swaps N and T (2). If no other guesses had yet been made, AUDIT would score equivalently
> to STONES because they both would try 5 new letter & position combinations: for AUDIT, this is each of the yet-unguessed
> A, D, I, and U, alongside T at position 5 which had only been guessed at position 3 so far; and for STONE, this would be

Author: Nit: Consistency of quoting; and example fix.
```suggestion
For example, if the remaining dictionary of candidates is "AUDIT", "STONE", "TONES", and "KNOTS", and "NOTES" has already been
guessed, then "STONE" will have a higher score than "TONES", because "STONE" tries all 5 of the letters at different
positions, whereas "NOTES" only swaps N and T (2). If no other guesses had yet been made, "AUDIT" would score equivalently
to "STONE" because they both would try 5 new letter & position combinations: for "AUDIT", this is each of the yet-unguessed
A, D, I, and U, alongside T at position 5 which had only been guessed at position 3 so far; and for "STONE", this would be
```

all 5 of the previously-guessed E, N, O, S, and T but at their yet-unguessed positions 5, 4, 3, 1, and 2, respectively.

### RetryMisplacedLettersStrategy

> This metric scores a candidate guess based on how letters that have already been guessed are being re-used at different

Author: Nit: Wording.
```suggestion
This metric scores a candidate guess based on how many letters that have already been guessed are being re-used at different
```

positions where they could potentially be correct. For a given guess candidate, this metric scores that guess based on

> how many letters are currently known to be misplaced in the word -- that is, marked with Yellow result -- are in the

Author: Nit: Wording.
```suggestion
how many letters which are currently known to be misplaced in the word -- that is, marked with Yellow result -- are in the
```

guess candidate at yet-unguessed locations.

> For example, if the remaining dictionary of candidates is AUDIT, STONE, TONES, and KNOTS, and NOTES has already been
> guessed with a result of all Yellows, then STONE will score the highest because it attempts to guess all 5 of these
> letters in different positions, whereas AUDIT would score the lowest because it only attempts to re-guess T in a
> different position, alongside the yet-unguessed A, D, I, and U. KNOTS would score between these, because it does attempt

Author: Nit: Wording & consistency of quoting.
```suggestion
For example, if the remaining dictionary of candidates is "AUDIT", "STONE", "TONES", and "KNOTS", and "NOTES" has already been
guessed with a result of all Yellows, then "STONE" will score the highest because it attempts to guess all 5 of these
letters in different positions, whereas "AUDIT" would score the lowest because it only attempts to re-guess T in a
different position, alongside the not-yet-guessed A, D, I, and U. "KNOTS" would score between these, because it does attempt
```

each guessing strategy necessarily changes, based on how much information about the word is still required to obtain the
correct guess. In the [sample gameplay](#sample-gameplay) above, for instance, the first guess is "STONE" because the
most optimal guess choice to start with is the one that gives the most information about the word and eliminates as much
as possible from the (presumably very large) dictionary of candidates, and guessing a word with the most frequently-used
letters will be the most likely to reveal information about them as well as to create exclusion and/or mandate rules
that create the most constraint. After this, when trying to find the optimal second guess, it is best to build upon the
existing rules from the first guess result and try words that include the Yellow-marked letters at different positions,
because re-using those letters in different positions is likely more constraining to the guesses than simply guessing
entirely new letters at those positions. And lastly, at the third guess, when some of the known letters have been placed
in their correct positions and no other letters are known, it is likely best to try to get as many unique letters as

> possible to determine the most additional constraining rules for the word. These roughly (but not exactly) correspond to
> the `LetterFrequencyStrategy`, `RetryMisplacedLettersStrategy`, and `DistinctLetterStrategy` scoring metrics.

Author: Nit: Wording.
```suggestion
possible to determine the most additional constraining rules for the word. These roughly correspond to
the `LetterFrequencyStrategy`, `RetryMisplacedLettersStrategy`, and `DistinctLetterStrategy` guessing strategy metrics.
```
